{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2638
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab560
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf0 # Partners Referral App\
\
by Graham Lim\
\
## An App Designed to Send Service Request Leads Out of a Company to External Partners\
\
Many companies run an external partnership/alliance program, where they "ally" with an external company to sell complementary goods or services. For example, Telco providers like Singtel partner with Amazon Prime to provide complementary OTT subscriptions i.e. you get 1 year of Amazon Prime for free, if you buy Singtel's broadband subscriptions. This promotes cross-referral of business.\
\
The same is true of corporate services. Businesses that need corporate support may look for services like recruitment, payroll outsourcing, accounting/audit/taxation advice, market entry consulting, employer of record and other services. A business services firm that say, only sells payroll outsourcing, for example, may want to refer an existing client over to an external recruitment firm, if the same customer is also looking for talent. If that talent is successfully searched for, this may increase the number of employees that the payroll outsourcing firm gets to charge the customer for. Meanwhile, the recruiter also would be only too happy to earn extra fees. This creates a win-win situation for revenue generation, for both of these partnered firms.\
\
The problem lies not in the principle of co-operation, but in execution. This is particularly true with tracking leads sent in either direction. CRM tools like Salesforce are primarily concerned with direct sales of the company's own products, and not other company's products (unless you are a Systems Integrator or other channel distributor). In a services firm this might be tracked simplistically within a general inbox, where employees simply throw external requests to an email manned by an alliances specialist. This alliances specialist will review the inbox messages in turn, and assign it out/refer it out to an external partner.\
\
This manual process can be drastically improved with automation. In this Project, I write a Full-Stack React App that facilitates these referrals outbound to external Partners.\
\
### Main Packages Used\
\
React.js, Bootstrap for CSS (Front-end), Sequelize and Webpack (Back-end with CRUD tables + MVC architecture); }